README.md, before:

# Bangkok Open Source Hackathon

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

We are organizing Bangkok's first ever open-source hackathon! We aim to bring open source contributors, software engineers and domain experts to solve Bangkok's most pressing problems by developing easy-to-contribute open source projects.

# When?

- Workshop & Kick-off Day: February 18th, 2023, as part of the National Coding Day.
- Lunch Meetup #1: TBD
- Lunch Meetup #2: TBD
- Hackathon & Demo Day: March 25th - March 26th, 2023

# Where?

- Workshop & Kick-off Day: [BITEC Bang Na](https://www.bitec.co.th), 2nd floor.
- Lunch Meetup #1: To be decided together with the community.
- Hackathon & Demo Day: To be decided together with the community.

# Contributing

This is an open-source hackathon, so the organizing process will also be completely open! We aim to make our organizing and planning assets open-source.

Please visit the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file to start contributing to the Bangkok Open Source Hackathon! Everyone is welcome to contribute.

# Communities & Partners

This hackathon is co-organized in collaboration with the following organizing communities and partners.

- [Creatorsgarten](https://creatorsgarten.org)
- [Thai Programmer Association](https://www.thaiprogrammer.org)
- [Bangkok](https://official.bangkok.go.th)
- [wonderful.software](https://wonderful.software)
- [Brikl](https://brikl.com)

# Contributors ✨

Thank you to these wonderful people for contributing!

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center"><a href="https://poom.dev"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4714175?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Phoomparin Mano"/><br /><sub><b>Phoomparin Mano</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/creatorsgarten/bkk-opensource-hackathon/commits?author=heypoom" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

# Code of Conduct

Refer to [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Commit message:

docs: update branding to open source initiative

README.md, after:

# Bangkok Open Source Initiative

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

We are organizing Bangkok's first ever open-source program to encourage open source contributions in Thailand!

We aim to bring open source contributors, software engineers and domain experts to solve Bangkok's most pressing problems by developing easy-to-contribute open source projects (e.g. tools, libraries and datasets), and helping Bangkokians to contribute to existing open source projects.

Our program consists of a two-month program, with three workshops and a two-day hackathon, from February to March.

# Program Schedule

- Workshop #1 (Kick-off)

  - When: February 18th, 2023
  - Where: BITEC Bang Na, as part of the National Coding Day.

- Workshop #2: TBD

- Workshop #3: TBD

- Hackathon & Demo Day

  - When: March 25th - March 26th, 2023
  - Where: TBD

# Contributing

This is an open-source program, so the organizing process will also be completely open! We aim to make our organizing and planning assets fully open-source.

Please visit the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file to start contributing to the Bangkok Open Source Hackathon! Everyone is welcome to contribute.

# Communities & Partners

This hackathon is co-organized in collaboration with the following organizing communities and partners.

- [Creatorsgarten](https://creatorsgarten.org)
- [Thai Programmer Association](https://www.thaiprogrammer.org)
- [Bangkok](https://official.bangkok.go.th)
- [wonderful.software](https://wonderful.software)
- [Brikl](https://brikl.com)

# Contributors ✨

Thank you to these wonderful people for contributing!

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center"><a href="https://poom.dev"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4714175?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Phoomparin Mano"/><br /><sub><b>Phoomparin Mano</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/creatorsgarten/bkk-opensource-hackathon/commits?author=heypoom" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

# Code of Conduct

Refer to [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
